# cbox - Cluster in a Box

Script to help building a cluster playground.

## DISCLAIMER

Use at your own risk or do not use at all.

> cbox is an experimental script to build virtual TEST cluster
> and it performs actions and configurations that might not be
> considered safe on both the host and the guests.
>
> The resulting setup has to be used only for TESTING.
> Do NOT place this cluster into production.
>
> cbox can only be executed once on each host to create a virtual cluster.
> Second execution will safely request to destroy the previously
> created cluster, and start all over again.

## Installation

### Requirements

 - autoconf
 - appliance-tools
 - qemu-kvm

### Build and install

    ./autogen.sh
    ./configure
    make
    make check
    make install

## Usage by Examples

To create a cluster of 2 (the default) Fedora14 nodes (-r 14), each having
1024MiB of RAM and 2 CPUs run this (the -v option):

    cbox -r 14 -t cman -v ram=1024,cpus=2

The default cluster name is testcluster. Replace testcluster with the name used
if different.

Then you can connect to the newly built node1 of the cluster like this:

    ssh root@*testcluster*-node1

The password is cluster.

You will likely want to run a ssh-agent and add the PKI key like this:

    ssh-add /root/.ssh/id_rsa_*testcluster*

Here are some ideas how to go about starting the ssh-agent and exporting the
settings:

  http://superuser.com/questions/141044/sharing-the-same-ssh-agent-among-multiple-login-sessions

See `man 8 cbox` for more options.

